Feature/ci docs (#15)
nodes-ios/Playbook: README.md

Make sure to read our [**Swift Style Guide**](styleguide.md).  

> # Continuous Integration

Reviewer: Can we add `(CI)` to the end of the title?

> As a digital agency we build hundreds of apps during the day and to manage all these builds we are using Bitrise as a CI tool to speed up our development process and manage our client's certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a digital agency we build hundreds of apps during the day and to manage all these builds we are using Bitrise as a CI tool to speed up our deployment process and [Match](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/match/) + Github to manage our client's certificates.
```

Once you get access to Bitrise the creation process is straightforward and most of it is automatic if you have attached your github account to your Bitrise account. 

> [Here](./ci/bitrise-setup-readme.md) you will find a configuration guide to help you setting up your project on Bitrise.

Reviewer: Can we add some headings above this and the below paragraphs?
Something like this:

1. Creating a new project on Bitrise

2. Integrating into your Xcode project

3. Troubleshooting
